## Code for BTV Meeting (C4BTV) with Vermont Legal Aid (VLA)
### Friday, October 5, 2018 @ 1:00 PM

| Meeting called by | Type of meeting | Note taker
| --- | --- | --- |
| Mairead O'Reilly | General discussion | Scott Friedman

### Attendees
##### Vermont Legal Aid
Michael Benvenuto (ELP Director), David Chien (Senior IT Administrator), Tyler Compton (Attorney), Malana Dayanim (VISTA MLP Development Project), David Koeninger (Deputy Director), Mairead O’Reilly (Poverty Law Fellow), Kris Surette (Web Developer)
##### Code for BTV
Jake Durell (Developer), Scott Friedman (PM), Micah Mutrux (Project Delivery Lead)

### Notes

| Agenda Item  | Presenter |
| --- | --- |
| Open | Many |


Several possible projects were proposed by the VLA team. Currently, only two of
those projects are on the C4BTV projects list: Expunge VT (Proposal) and
CourtBot (Planning). (The status of these projects is from the [Code for BTV
Projects page](http://codeforbtv.org/projects).) Regarding the two noted
projects above:

**Expunge VT**: Several possible solutions and methods were discussed. The simplest solution would be (semi)automated document generation. The most complicated solution would involve some interface to court records. There are other states which have various solutions in-place to facilitate expungement.  
Reference: [C4BTV Expunge VT](http://codeforbtv.org/projects/expunge-vt)

**CourtBot**: The operation and feasibility of this project was discussed. This too is a project which has already been implemented in other states. The group discussed where the notification information would originate, and the access to and reliability of the data.  
Reference: [C4BTV CourtBot](http://codeforbtv.org/projects/courtbot)

#### Other topics

There were several other possible projects discussed, mostly involving the
augmentation of the VLA website and services facilitated by that site. One idea
which was discussed the most was surrounding client intake and progressive,
rules-based questionnaires.

There was not a consensus on what projects should be moved forward, or what the
priority was for any of the current C4BTV projects or new projects. It was
recommended that VLA work among themselves to create a priority list of the
projects.

| Action items | Person responsible | Deadline |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Create project priority list | VLA | Before next meeting |
| Set new meeting with smaller audience | Mairead O’Reilly | None set |
