## Code for BTV Meeting (C4BTV) with Vermont Legal Aid (VLA)
### Monday, November 12, 2018 @ 3:00 PM

| Meeting called by | Type of meeting | Note taker
| --- | --- | --- |
| Scott Friedman | Project Priority Discussion | Scott Friedman, Micah Mutrux

### Attendees
##### Vermont Legal Aid
Mairead Oâ€™Reilly (Poverty Law Fellow)
(Note: we found out "Mairead" rhymes with "parade")
##### Code for BTV
Scott Friedman (PM), Micah Mutrux (Project Delivery Lead)

### Notes

| Agenda Item  | Presenter |
| --- | --- |
| 1. What project is the most viable to address immediately? I am leaning to the ones we already have, either ExpungeVT or CourtBot, but maybe it is something different. We need to get this established straight away. | Open |
| 2. Who will be the sponsors and stakeholders be from VLA if we are to move forward with a project? We had a big group for our first meeting, so it is probably a subset (I hope). | Open |
| 3. Setting up initial checkpoints and milestones: I believe the best use of everyone's time is to schedule meetings based on milestones and work products. I can work with Mairead to outline what some of these can be so we can begin. | Open |
| 4. Other resources: There may be other people who need to be contacted to get either of these projects deployed and adopted. We'll try to figure out who those people are and the method of contact. | Open |

#### Discussion on Agenda Items
1. Mairead was able to say that we're just going to focus on expungements.  It sounds like everyone at the table in that last meeting agreed that they should let Mairead do her thing first, and we can talk with them afterwards about another project (CourtBot, etc) when the time comes.


2. Mairead will be the sponsor of the ExpungeVT project. Michael Benvenuto (ELP Director) and Kris Surette (Web Developer) may get involved also.


3. We scheduled meetings to be every other week on Friday at 2:00 PM starting 07-Dec-2018. The meeting following that will then be 21-Dec-2018. Meetings may be canceled or moved because of conflicts. Next steps:
  1. Mairead is going to meet with the prosecutor's office this Friday and I gave her a few questions to start the conversation about sharing/using their data.
  2. A flowchart is needed for the expungement rules. Jake and Mairead can communicate to set this up. Similarly, Micah requested to sit down with Mairead to see her current processes for filing an expungement petition. Micah can arrange with Mairead to have this demonstration. It may be beneficial for Jake, Micah, and Mairead to meet together the first time.

The scheduled meeting details for the Friday meetings:

| Call Details |
| --- |
| Join the call: http://www.uberconference.com/scottfvt |
| Dial in number: 720-835-5867; PIN: 51308 |

4. __Notes on other resources__: Mairead mentioned that the prosecutor's office has said they are interested in broad, automated expungements and that they would have good data access. However she also mentioned that they are both overworked and perhaps not fully incentivized to expunge records.  So we'll see what comes of that.

#### Additional note from Micah's E-mail
Mairead said the prosecutor's office has "the same information that the courts have".  I'm assuming "the courts" are referring to the VT Judiciary?  It sounds like ultimately that might be the best source of data, but that the prosecutor might be a more expedient source.  A big question remains who could make court data accessible, and how to make that relationship happen.

#### Action items

| Action items | Person responsible | Deadline |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Set up continuing conference calls | Scott | Done |
| Meeting with prosecutor's office | Mairead  | 17-Nov-2018 |
| Set up meeting with Mairead for expungement process review | Micah | 27-Nov-2018 |
| Set up meeting with Mairead for expungement process flowchart | Jake | 27-Nov-2018 |
| Set up Trello board for ExpungeVT project | Scott | 19-Nov-2018 |
